Change input sha for testing version (#875)
aws-observability/aws-otel-collector: README.md

### Support

> For each merged pull request, a corresponding image with the naming convention of: 

Reviewer: nitpick: Don't need the colon.

Author: Fixed it in the newest commit.

> For each merged pull request, a corresponding image in the naming convention: ```ADOT_COLLECTOR_VERSION - GITHUB_SHA```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each merged pull request, a corresponding image with the naming convention of `[ADOT_COLLECTOR_VERSION]-[GITHUB_SHA]```
```

Author: Fixed it with the newest commit.
